they have a point in common
hello like footage chistorra verdict
I wanted to make myself a dishonest politician sandwich but then I gave myself
mind that he had too little bread
for such purpose
so I've decided to make a stew
it is very simple the first thing we have to do stellar and chop an onion
you do not have to be very precise because this is then on the floor and it looks good
we also foresee a couple of green peppers
four cloves of garlic and pepper
despite sometimes up to now little medium with a splash of olive oil
while frying, let's peel and chop
a tomato
I think that in the past this tomato was also brought to me from Navarre and it is
huge recommended that you put - tomatoes
once the traces that he loses
merino we remove and let it pass
while we have a couple of kicks
after we go well
if we are going to see them on the floor
breaking the already you know that when you break the potato you get that loose
more starch and so the sauce has more consistency
p
now we cover it with water is not necessary much because the vegetables
result
yours
but let's measure in 2011
you can add it directly but it's always better if you offer them
seconds the trickle of olive oil is to be careful
so that it does not burn us as soon as it changes its color it withdraws it
to the ground
do not
and now the last touch is thriving is the txistorra
the oil in a pan does not need to add oil because they will loose their
fat and when he welcomed color with them
in this way the current say that but for them all this race
and the nose to the stew, as soon as the potatoes are ready, you can remove it
so easy to prove san jose that correct eating
but he has shown in hug until then
efe
Dec